COMP 321 Project 2: Word Count
Zikang Chen zc45

---(Do not write lines of text that exceed the width of this line.)------------

TESTING STRATEGY

Black box test cases
1. The input text is empty.
2. The input text has only one word.
3. The input text has multiple words separated by spaces in the standard way.
4. The input text has mutiple spaces between two words.
5. The input text has leading and trailing spaces.
6. The input text has special characters.
7. The input text contains one word that is composed of a mix of 
upper- and lowercase characters.
8. The input text contains invalid character.
9. The input text has only one character.
10. The input text has only several spaces.
11. The input text is invalid which means it could not be opened.
12. The input text is broken in the middle of the text, which means it 
could not be read to the end of the text.
13. The input text's last line has a '\n'.
14. The input text's last line does not have a '\n'.
15. The input texts are entered based on their asciibetical order.
16. The input texts are not entered based on their asciibetical order.
17. One of the input file does not exist. It should print the correct
error message.
18. Multiple files do not exist. It shoud print the correct error message.
19. The input has a multiple broken file. It should print the correct 
error message.
20. The input has only one file. It should process correctly and print 
the count of that file and the total count.
21. The input has multiple files. It should process correctly and print 
the count of that file and the total count.
22. The argument char_flag is true. Test whether it would only print the 
char count.
23. The argument word_flag is true. Test whether it would only print the 
word count.
24. The argument line_flag is true. Test whether it would only print 
the line count.
25. Some of the arguments char_flag, word_flag, line_flag are true. Test
whether it print the required counts.
26. None of char_flag, word_flag, line_flag is true. Test whether it would 
only print the name by asciibetical order.
27. At least one file starts with one or multiple '\n'. Test whether it 
behave correctly.
28. At least one file has multiple '\n' between two words.
29. At least one file has only '\n'. 
30. The input text has a large number of characters, words and lines. Test 
it behave correctly.

White box test cases
1. The input text is empty. This test case deals with the if statement
"if (temp >= 0)".
2. The input text is valid which means it could not be opened. This test 
case deals with the if statement "if (input_file == NULL)".
3. The input text is broken in the middle of the text, which means it 
could not be read to the end of the text. This test case deals with the 
if statement "if (!feof(input_file))".
4. The input text has mutiple spaces between two words. This test case 
deals with the if statement "if (indicator)".
5. The input text has leading and trailing white spaces. This test case 
deals with the if statement "if (!isspace(temp))" and "if (indicator)".
6. The input texts are entered based on their asciibetical order. This test
case deals with the if statement "if (cur->next == NULL)".
7. At least one file does not exist. Test whether it prints the correct
error message.
8. At least one file is broken in the middle. Test whether it prints the 
correct error message.
9. Some of the char_flag, word_flag, line_flag are true. Test the if 
statement "if (char_flag)", "if (word_flag)" and "if (line_flag)".
10. At least one file has multiple '\n' whether in the start or in the 
middle.
11. At least one file does not have '\n' at the end of the test. Test 
the if statement "if (temp != '\n')". 

Edge case
1. If the input text is empty, then we should not add word count in the end. 
I handled this edge case by initializing my temp to be -1, instead of 0, 
so the if statement "if temp >= 0" would not allow word count to be added. 
I test this edge case based on my white box test case 1.
2. If the input text has mutiple spaces between two words. I handled this 
edge case by creating an indicator to record whether I have counted this 
space before. I test this edge case based on my white box test case 4.
3. If the input text has leading and trailing white spaecs. I handled this 
edge case by adding requirements to add word count. If the indicator is 
false or temp is a white space then I can not add word count. I test this 
edge case based on my white box test case 5.
4. If the input texts are entered based on their asciibetical order, then
we should add each file at the end of the linkedlist. I handled this edge
case by adding the if statement to decide if the while loop has traversed
the entire linkedlist, and find that the new node should be added at the 
end of the linkedlist. I test this edge case based on my white box test 
case 6.
5. If the input text has multiple '\n' whether in the start or in the middle
, then we should count the words and lines correctly. I handled this edge
case based on my white box test case 10.
6. If the input text does not have a '\n' at the end of the text, then 
we still should add the word but not the line. I handled this edge case
by adding the if statement if (temp != '\n')" to test the last character 
is '\n'. I test this edge case based on my white box test case 11. 

